[music]
ms excel and ms excel and but
Helen in my opinion still fucked a cat in
live and this happened
[music]
Sirin did you watch the boy
this is the captain vrungel there shorter
were the Italians did not say bobbin victory
[laugh]
[music]
it is something that if Batman songs
strong and we all go along this
the road
stuck feel that you go by
you cannot solve these words
poisonousness say i will do what i do
keep my word i don't care about all the world
beauty and the bell tower and why and such he
maybe we are starting finiti and ending
last oh yeah baby
[music]
they are and drown what you always
girlfriends
caramel versions I'm yours they're the same I
ambush taking away will be chocolate
[music]
but
[laugh]
[music]
don't wear a ribbon
conveyed by the way
[laugh]
okay morons